syllabus.md, before:

A (working) syllabus for learning JavaScript
============================================

Doing:
+ [Codecademy: JavaScript Track](http://www.codecademy.com/en/tracks/javascript)

Done:

To Do:

Learning
+ [Codecademy: JavaScript Track](http://www.codecademy.com/en/tracks/javascript)
+ [Codecademy: jQuery Track](http://www.codecademy.com/en/tracks/jquery)
+ [Codecademy: Make a Website](http://www.codecademy.com/skills/make-a-website)
+ [Codecademy: Make an Interactive Website](http://www.codecademy.com/skills/make-an-interactive-website)

Books
+ [Beginning JavaScript](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0470525932/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=0470525932&linkCode=as2&tag=interhaptic-20&linkId=DMQK6I7WC6V34B77)

Readings
+ [JavaScript is Sexy: JavaScript Objects in Detail](http://javascriptissexy.com/javascript-objects-in-detail/)
+ [JavaScript is Sexy: JavaScript Variable Scope and Hoisting Explained](http://javascriptissexy.com/javascript-variable-scope-and-hoisting-explained/)
+ [JavaScript is Sexy: Understand JavaScript’s “this” With Clarity, and Master It](http://javascriptissexy.com/understand-javascripts-this-with-clarity-and-master-it/)

Newsletters
+ [JavaScript Weekly](http://javascriptweekly.com/)
+ [5 Minutes of JavaScript](http://us7.campaign-archive2.com/?u=b9a8d14c0dcb1dab9fa67a13a&id=ce78483100&e=34c6c1d648)
+ [Hacker Newsletter](http://us1.campaign-archive2.com/?u=faa8eb4ef3a111cef92c4f3d4&id=24c670da8a&e=3a4f95db13)
+ [Web Design Weekly](http://email.jakebresnehan.com/t/ViewEmail/r/DAFC007623B601522540EF23F30FEDED/EFD0B7DC57BF1D661D419C9787CC9684)
+ [HTML5 Weekly](http://html5weekly.com/issues/173)

?
+ [ember.js discussion forum](http://discuss.emberjs.com/)

Tools:
+ [JSFiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/)


Sample Syllabuses:
+ [JavaScript is Sexy](http://javascriptissexy.com/how-to-learn-javascript-properly/)

Other Learning Ideas:
+ [GitHub: Advanced JavaScript Syllabus](https://github.com/advanced-js/syllabus)
+ [Superhero.js](http://superherojs.com/)
+ [You Don't Know JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
+ [Mozilla Dev Learn Javascript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Learn/JavaScript)

Thanks [Lenny](https://twitter.com/rememberlenny), [Matyus](https://twitter.com/mmatyus) for the links and help!

Commit message:

Adding texts
- Secrets of a JavaScript Ninja was instrumental for me to understand JS timers
- JSNice unminifies code. This can help when understaning stuff
- TodoMVC is a great tool for understanding the differences of JS frameworks.
- AirBnB's style guide is the best example of good JS
- Added people to watch section
  - Addy Osmani is a core developer for many new JS things
  - Paul Irish is a lead google relations person.
  - Ilya Grigorik writes extensively on JS performance

syllabus.md, after:

A (working) syllabus for learning JavaScript
============================================

Doing:
+ [Codecademy: JavaScript Track](http://www.codecademy.com/en/tracks/javascript)

Done:

To Do:

Learning
+ [Codecademy: JavaScript Track](http://www.codecademy.com/en/tracks/javascript)
+ [Codecademy: jQuery Track](http://www.codecademy.com/en/tracks/jquery)
+ [Codecademy: Make a Website](http://www.codecademy.com/skills/make-a-website)
+ [Codecademy: Make an Interactive Website](http://www.codecademy.com/skills/make-an-interactive-website)

Books
+ [Beginning JavaScript](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0470525932/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=0470525932&linkCode=as2&tag=interhaptic-20&linkId=DMQK6I7WC6V34B77)
+ [Secrets of a JavaScript Ninja](http://www.manning.com/resig/) 

Readings
+ [JavaScript is Sexy: JavaScript Objects in Detail](http://javascriptissexy.com/javascript-objects-in-detail/)
+ [JavaScript is Sexy: JavaScript Variable Scope and Hoisting Explained](http://javascriptissexy.com/javascript-variable-scope-and-hoisting-explained/)
+ [JavaScript is Sexy: Understand JavaScript’s “this” With Clarity, and Master It](http://javascriptissexy.com/understand-javascripts-this-with-clarity-and-master-it/)

Newsletters
+ [JavaScript Weekly](http://javascriptweekly.com/)
+ [5 Minutes of JavaScript](http://us7.campaign-archive2.com/?u=b9a8d14c0dcb1dab9fa67a13a&id=ce78483100&e=34c6c1d648)
+ [Hacker Newsletter](http://us1.campaign-archive2.com/?u=faa8eb4ef3a111cef92c4f3d4&id=24c670da8a&e=3a4f95db13)
+ [Web Design Weekly](http://email.jakebresnehan.com/t/ViewEmail/r/DAFC007623B601522540EF23F30FEDED/EFD0B7DC57BF1D661D419C9787CC9684)
+ [HTML5 Weekly](http://html5weekly.com/issues/173)

?
+ [ember.js discussion forum](http://discuss.emberjs.com/)

Tools:
+ [JSFiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/)
+ [JSNice](http://www.jsnice.org/)


Sample Syllabuses:
+ [JavaScript is Sexy](http://javascriptissexy.com/how-to-learn-javascript-properly/)

Other Learning Ideas:
+ [GitHub: Advanced JavaScript Syllabus](https://github.com/advanced-js/syllabus)
+ [Superhero.js](http://superherojs.com/)
+ [You Don't Know JS](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)
+ [Mozilla Dev Learn Javascript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Learn/JavaScript)
+ [TodoMVC](http://todomvc.com/)
+ [AirBnB JS Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)
+ [HTML 5 Writeups for upcoming features](http://www.html5rocks.com/)

People to watch:
+ [Everyone on this list](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/resources/contributors/index)
+ [Addy Osmani](https://twitter.com/addyosmani)
+ [Paul Irish](https://twitter.com/paul_irish)
+ [Ilya Grigorik](https://twitter.com/igrigorik)


Thanks [Lenny](https://twitter.com/rememberlenny), [Matyus](https://twitter.com/mmatyus) for the links and help!
